Q1. How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

A1. The diff command hepled in identifing the bug that was introduced as follows :-

	1. lines which had no + or - sign remained unchanged
	2. lines which had - sign were removed i.e. the existed in the old version but not the new version.
	3. lines with the + sign were added i.e. they did not exist in the old version but are persent in the new version.

Q2. How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

A2. When some disastrous change is made in the program then having easy access to the history of a file can save time
    in correcting that mistake

Q3. What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, 
    vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

A3. Pros and cons of manually choosing when to commit are as follows:-
	
	Pros

	1. The commit can be just right and according to the requirement
	2. These timely commits can save a lot of time if an older version is requred.

	Cons

	1. A programmer may forget to commit and do it at very large intervals making it hard to read the difference between
	   the two versions of the file.
	2. A programmer may commit too frequently i.e after every small change, thiss also makes the log harder to read.

Q4. Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others,
	like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

A4. Git allows saving multiple files in one commit because in coding some files makes use of other files.
	Eg. In making a webpage HTML and CSS both file are inter-related  

Q5. How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

A5. git log shows a list of the recent commits with information about them, including commit IDs.
	git diff followed by the commit Ids compares the two versions of the code in those commits.
	So by using both git log and git diff one can view the history of files.

Q6. How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

A6. Using version control can make a person more confident to make changes that could break something because
	he can always restore a previous version of his code, if he does break something. It also allows programmers
	to explore more without the fear of breaking their project.

Q7. Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

A7. I want to try using Git for all my projects, especially in the android app I am going to make. 